### What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"
Thick mapping encompasses a multidimensional character that mapping alone lacks. Mapping offers a visual representation of space and place, demonstrating relations between locations marked by longtitude and latitude. Thick mapping, however, works against the stagnant nature of typical maps and allows the map to run deep with different cultural narratives and analysis. I appreciate that thick mapping gives a platform to other important, potentially radical forms of mapping like counter-mapping and alternative mapping. As discussed in the reading, mappable data holds a history closely tied to violent European colonial conquests. Looking at maps of the eighteenth century, we can see how mapping was used as a tool by settler colonist to invalidate the legitamcy of indigenous land. Thick mapping provides an opportunity to utilize a map for purposes beyond points of navigation, and it’s existence in digital humanities encourages the use of maps as a creative tool.

### How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?
Learning more about thick mapping encourages me to pay more attention to the maps I see in general. What is the purpose of a map? Is there a story being told? What data makes it unique or different? I think there are a lot of example of thick maps that I come across, but I rarely take a moment to appreciate the work and message behind it. Every location on a map holds various stories and significance. Different points in time, different people, different ideas, different events, and so much more shape a place and define a space. No map is definite, and I think mapping has a special power in influencing what we recognize and notice about our world. This reading got me really excited to work on the final project!
